Bug 1626987 - Use a single bundled tool for rendering the docs (#441)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/meta/contributing.md

## Building the Documentation

The documentation is rendered with [mdBook](https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook).

> We use a fork named [mdbook-dtmo][] that includes multiple different preprocessors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use a fork named [mdbook-dtmo] that includes a number of custom additions to mdbook for our environment (for example, a plugin to automatically generate a table-of-contents).
```

I'm pretty sure you don't need the extra `[]`.

* [mdbook-toc](https://github.com/badboy/mdbook-toc/releases)
* [mdbook-mermaid](https://github.com/badboy/mdbook-mermaid/releases)

> * [mdbook-open-on-gh](https://github.com/badboy/mdbook-open-on-gh/releases)

Reviewer: Let's just take these out -- we can just keep track of this information in mdbook-dtmo and won't have to remember to update this.

> You can download [mdbook-dtmo][] on the [Releases page][releases] for your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download [mdbook-dtmo] on the [github releases page](https://github.com/badboy/mdbook-dtmo/releases). Please use the latest version.
```

Unpack it and place the binary in a directory of your `$PATH`.

[mdbook-dtmo]: https://github.com/badboy/mdbook-dtmo

> [releases]: https://github.com/badboy/mdbook-dtmo/releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
